h2. jQuery jsonComplete

h3. DESCRIPTION

A minimal plugin to provide autocomplete for text fields funcionality based on an array of JSON objects.

h3. USAGE

<pre><code>    $("input#id").jsonComplete(url, options);
</code></pre>

Where @url@ is the URL for the AJAX call and @options@ is an object with custom options.

h3. RESPONSE FORMAT

The remote call should return an array of JSON objects, with @id@ and @value@ attributes. Example:

@[{'id': 1, 'value': 'a'}, {'id': 2, value: 'b'}, ...]@

h3. OPTIONS

|*Option*|*Description*|*Default Value*|
|id|Autocomplete list id|'autocomplete'|
|hiddenField|if set to any string but @false@ it will create a hidden field with that @name@ and @id@ attributes that will hold the @id@ of the selected option.|'jsoncomplete-value'|
|updateOnSelect|Update text field value when navigating the list with up/down keys|true|
|highlight|Highlight partial searches in words|true|
|highlightClass|CSS class for the partial searches. Only used if @highlight@ is set to @true@|'jsoncomplete-highlight'|
|data|extra data to send for the request. The plugin will always send @?value=$("input#id").val()@ in addition to these arguments.|{}|
|afterSelect|Function to be performed after a click on a list element or a RETURN keypress. The JSON element is passed to the function.|function(event, selectedElement){}|

h3. NOTES

This plugin provides a new filter for jQuery, :contains-ci - it's basically :contains, case-insensitive!

---

h3. CHANGELOG

h4. v0.95 Sep 28, 2010

* Added highlight and highlightClass options, fixed minor bugs. Added example files.

h4. v0.94 May 17, 2010

* Added updateOnSelect option, cleaned the code a little bit

h4. v0.93 Jan 22, 2009

* Event is now passed to afterSelect callback

h4. v0.92 Dec 20, 2009

* Corrected logic for setting/unsetting hidden field value.

h4. v0.91 Dec 18, 2009

* Fixed a bug where a return keypress would clear the value of the field
* Fixed results list visibility logic

h4. v0.9 Dec 18, 2009

* Added query caching to limit AJAX requests.


h4. v0.8 Dec 18, 2009

* Added hidden field support to hold the value of the selected element


h4. v0.7 Dec 16, 2009

* First, unstable version of the plugin.
